and the fifth day of the race it was
carried out the third and last route
of the 87th six-day enduro
then tomorrow for the closure it will be the turn
of the so-called final test which
this year we chose to carry out on
mixed off-road asphalt inside
of the circuit of the sachsenring headquarters of the
father
today's track is the result
simpler and shorter than the previous ones with
transfers almost entirely by road
and off-road sections limited to the sun
special tests
Italy has made a good race
consolidating the third place of class
at 6 pm the six days were presented
2013 that will take place in Sardinia olbia
from 30 September to 5 October
let's listen to the voice of the
micheluz captain how was there
day today the organizers to a little
of grace for the pilots seeing that after i
two days of strikes today changed
route and it was much easier there
several dirt roads because asphalt
and so let's say it was one
day a little easier and the tests
there were 4 specials per round, however, two
beautiful selective and fast when young
national team veteran like
judge the performance of your companions
well veteran i still hope not seen
that I'm not even 30 years old anyway
I passed captain since I did
this is my eighth day my days
comrades say that they behaved
very well we are third in the ranking of
consequently a good result seen i
predictions unfortunately France is in a
moment of exalting form than not
we can do anything against them
australia is not very far but
they were good franco gualdi
enduro national coordinator past the
fifth day we can take stock
of Italy was above or below
below your expectations
I allow myself the expression mission
accomplished great because
an Italy third in the world trophy is
one is a great success hoped for but
difficult to reach and up to today
we did it for which they have it
made the pilots because then in the end they are
always a good result for them
and the victory is of the first day for the
junior did however understand of
how much can youthful italy do for
to which I repeat good mission accomplished
to everyone and thanks to all of them anyway
who participated in this trip
in a few, however, the underline
veteran of the Italian national team e
micheluz who is less than 30 years old
therefore also a young national in the
trophy
yes i hear the name of michael use today
seems to be a pilot with some
another year he started going strong
as a young man and is continuing to do so e
despite this he is still a pilot
very young
and this this however not for per
go and look for the why but anyway e
as we said a young national
which really gave the maximum ha
given all he could and this is
really important they are committed
and we are not spared we also say
who have fun in a tough race
because to the comments then during the evening
they were always positive
today we present the six days 2013 that
the Italian federation will organize in
sardinia therefore on one side must
make an appointment for the fans on the other
can you tell us as an organizer
that if days will be next year
surely the fans cannot miss
in Italy they will not abandon us of
sure indeed i'm sure they'll come
from all parts of Italy but also of the
world because sardinia anyway
interesting regardless of the enduro
but he said this I have the results of
this year they bode well for a
result I wish you even better
also for next year even if it is
difficult to improve the ranking of
trophy, however, goes well, in short, we will try
and we will prepare ourselves adequately
next year's race will have
characteristics different from this one not
will be a race with clearly with
special tests with the long ones and so
difficult because the land does not
does not even allow but also because
I honestly think it's useless to do
of the days with the author and half as
it happened here in germany it is not for
to criticize is why we would miss it
they organize six days and give hard
so we don't look at these things but
surely when we did one
six-hour race are beautiful half
right beautiful nice set with proofs
special long the right minutes because
it is not always by very long owners
synonymous with quality for which a race
all in all simple but certainly
nice to see
I hope not dominated but must be cut
until the last ever on Saturday for
which I believe we can enjoy that
the fans must not repent
to have chosen their vacation in
Sardinia